I know this is kinda skidded config it is like
"ClownWareV69" but this has custom modules that has been added and i have permission by the owner 
and has been tested alot by me,
so feel free to use this config
(Please do not leaked i worked hard on this)
--------------------------------------
must remove custom modules if you have and does not work..
Farther information..
Is the configs kill aura OP?
Yes it can kill someone in 1.5 - 2 seconds when you start the game

Is the speed fast?
Yes it is fast if you encounter lagbacks then lower the speed if you encounter lagbacks still-
it might be for a bad device but if you still wanna use this config then put the speed to "heetseeker"
and lower the speed or higher anything you want it has been tested and the heetseeker is probably the slowest one yet.
 
Last question is the config worth it?
Yes it is the config has custom modules and OP scripts you dont wanna miss out on MORE configs in the future
will probably and will get better and better..

this is all i can answer right now..
To contact me DM me in discord its called Hatsu#8096..
have fun using the config!

And finally for chat spammer put in
1. Get Good Fatherless Clown
2. Genl owns this world kids
3. Dang Clowns Garbage
and add in Clown Version for the name
these options are only if you want turn on chatspammer if you like but it is risky and you will have high chance-
for a ban..
autoexe thing if it doesn't work then remove it from the autoexe folder..
in you're executor 
Also this information is created by the owner hatsu
make fly heetseeker for less lagbacks if you're device is bad or you're having problems with lagbacks..
if you executed all the scripts that was with the vape then use ultra fps booster if you want more fps-
do not think roblox has crashed since it is loading the ultra fps booster when you clicked on it..
join "sus leakers" server and suggest more i should add or somethign you wanna ask my channel is "the fatherless dude"
this config has been tested in 4 custom squad games and 4 duels game and is highly good config
